hello everyone it is well halfway
through the split just hold it over
halfway through the split we're back
from rift rivals and there's a new
mysterious man who has shown up on the
LCS stage competing underneath LG's name
don't you go by Omar or oh my karma or
God or how do you like to be called in
real life Omar in the game oh my god
okay so in this interview which one
should we go with just oh my side
Omar boom okay we're already on that
first-name basis so Omar I'm going to
ask you the question that I'm sure a lot
of other LCS fans are asking themselves
which is who are you and where did you
come from
so last year I was so lucky player I was
pretty high up on the ladders so I went
to scatter grounds and from scattering
grounds CLG picked me up for their
Academy team and I've been playing their
academy team for the last six months
okay and then I finally moved on to the
main roster recently yeah so from your
perspective because I think a lot of
people were kind of surprised to see you
suddenly pop up what really brought this
about because I saw Derek on twitter
he's like it's not because I'm toxic I
have an attitude problem everybody it's
because Omar is actually really good so
you know how did that whole thing come
about well I'm not really sure I I think
feel G wanted a six-man roster as to
maybe have a diverse strategy or
something like that so yeah not really a
big story behind it just that wanted
some more people on the roster and I was
doing some work on the Academy team well
how do you how do you feel about the
work that you've done yesterday and
today here at LCS like yesterday and
today I was actually pretty nervous and
today I was a lot less nervous but still
I definitely could perform a lot better
than I am right now and I hope with more
experience I'll show what I can do on
the LCS stage what is it like for you I
know you said you're nervous what is it
like for you competing on the stage
against some of these other players that
have been in the LCS for a while
I don't really focus on who I'm
competing against in game I just focus
on the team in my role and what I can do
for the team so
I have no opinion on who I'm facing I
don't care who I'm facing
I'll just play the same that's awesome
okay now I also want to ask about your
relationship with Doc are you guys
friends does he kind of coach you or
teach you anything or do you guys kind
of operate in like these silos where you
both develop your own styles kind of
independently I would say we're working
together and of course he has more
experience and he's been helping me
improve and coaching me on some things
in the jungle and definitely I also
offer back feedback for him yeah so it's
a it's a good relationship there's not
we're not like separate or anything like
that how much of an effect you think
scouting grounds had on your career
because this is the first time I've had
a chance to really talk to somebody who
went through the scouting Gans program
and is now you know on stage here it had
a huge effect of my career I think if I
didn't go scouting rounds I would still
be in school because originally I wasn't
even gonna go scouting grounds even
though I qualified but my friends
convinced me to go and without it I
would be at school right now had you
thought about competing professionally
or was it just suddenly you get this
email inviting your scouting grounds and
then you know you end up going after
your friends convince you I actually
never thought about competing
professionally I did not think it would
be a viable career option but somehow it
happened and I just had to take the
opportunity and see where it takes me
that's really cool I mean how do you
have to convince your parents about this
because if you hadn't been preparing for
this I'm sure your parents have been
preparing for it either right yeah my
parents were super against it they even
when I got the offer and I told them
that I wanted to do it they were like no
stay in school be safe this game is not
going to last a long time and they
wanted me just to finish school safely
and get a job but I told them I wanted
to follow my dreams and Here I am
are they I mean I've heard this story
many times before are you are they ok
with it now or have they come to terms
with it or are they still kind of
getting used to it I think we have a
good relationship about it they've they
support me and I try and visit home and
have a break and I don't think they have
anything at see whereabouts are you from
actually I'm from New York okay cool
so all the way on the other side of the
country at New York State or New York
City New York City okay
damn what's it like for you out here in
LA very different world right it's very
very hot like I I never expected the
summer be this hot so I'm still getting
used to it because back in York is way
colder I mean it is very very hot in New
York sometimes - I understand yeah in
the summer it gets very hot but back
there I didn't have to go outside that
much very good very good well hopefully
you won't have to get outside too much
here I hear LCS players you know they
much more inside than outside so
hopefully you'll be able to swing that
is there anything that you would like to
say at tuning the fans out there are
like who would the Scott who's this guy
he's overthrown dar Doc he's a new guy
now scouting grounds anything that you
want to say to any of these folks mmm
it's okay if you have nothing cuz like
lemons whole thing for instance is he
just says no I've got nothing to come
like a trademark you could try to adopt
that if you want I don't know I have
nothing to say just keep keep on being
cool yeah there we go
cool stay cool that's awesome that's a
great tag out thank you so much for the
interview congratulations on making onto
the big stage as a giant semi goes by
congratulations on making on the big
stage really exciting to see how your
career progresses and for everyone else
you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things eSports here at
Yahoo well well it's not Yahoo eats
words here on the state youtube channel
thank you so much for watching my
interviews and supporting me during this
difficult time it's not that difficult
actually things are fine but you can
continue to support me by subscribing to
my youtube channel or just heading over
to Travis Khafre comm slash support